The STEALTH program performs File Integrity Checks on (remote) clients. It
differs from other File Integrity Checkers by not requiring baseline integrity
data to be kept on either write-only media or in the client's file system. In
fact, clients will hardly contain any indication suggesting that they are
being monitored, thus improving the stealthiness of the integrity scans.

STEALTH uses standard available software to perform file integrity checks
(like find(1) and sha1sum(1)). Using individualized policy files, it is highly
adaptable to the specific characteristics of its clients.

In production environments STEALTH should be run from an isolated computer
(called the `STEALTH monitor').  In optimal configurations the STEALTH monitor
should be a computer not accepting incoming connections. The account used to
connect to its clients does not have to be `root'; usually read-access to the
client's file system is enough to perform a full integrity check. Instead of
using `root' a more restrictive administrative or ordinary account might offer
all necessary requirements for the desired integrity check.

STEALTH itself must communicate with the computers it should monitor. It is
essential that this communication is secure. STEALTH configurations therefore
normally specify SSH as the command-shell to use for connecting to
clients. STEALTH may be configured so as to use but one SSH connection per
client, even if integrity scans are to be performed repeatedly. Apart from
this, the STEALTH monitor is commonly allowed to send e-mail to remote client
systems' maintainers.

STEALTH-runs itself may start randomly within specified intervals. The
resulting unpredicability of STEALTH-runs further increases STEALTH's
stealthiness.

STEALTH's acronym is expanded to `Ssh-based Trust Enforcement Acquired
through a Locally Trusted Host': the client's trust is enforced, the locally
trusted host is the STEALTH monitor.


To create the program from its sources, either descend into the stealth
directory, or unpack a created archive, cd into its top-level directory 
and follow the instructions provided in the INSTALL file found there.

Alternatively, binary ready-to-install versions of stealth are available in
verious Linux distributions, in particular Debian. See, e.g.,
https://packages.debian.org/search?keywords=stealth&searchon=names&suite=all&section=all

Github's web-pages for stealth are here:
https://fbb-git.github.io/stealth/



